I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying. Kanye West
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you. Saint Augustine
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies. Groucho Marx
Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me? Groucho Marx
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others. Groucho Marx
The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins? Edgar Allan Poe
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. Benjamin Franklin
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. Friedrich Nietzsche
The garden of love is green without limit and yields many fruits other than sorrow or joy. Love is beyond either condition: without spring, without autumn, it is always fresh. Rumi
What is tolerance? it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature. Voltaire
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. George Orwell
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink. George Orwell
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day. Dalai Lama
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. Aristotle
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. Lao Tzu
When virtue is lost, benevolence appears. When benevolence is lost, right conduct appears.  When right conduct is lost, expedience appears. Expediency is the mere shadow of right and truth; it is the beginning of disorder. Lao Tzu
I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all. Alexis de Tocqueville
Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared. Niccolo Machiavelli
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the one who'll decide where to go. Dr. Seuss
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.  Abraham Lincoln
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in time of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.  Dante Alighieri
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you. Friedrich Nietzsche
We hear only those questions for which we are in a position to find answers. Friedrich Nietzsche
Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. Dorothy Parker
Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it and it darts away. Dorothy Parker
What ever beauty may be, it has for its basis order and, for its essence, unity.  Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. Dorothy Parker
The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule.  H. L. Mencken
Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. H. L. Mencken
For every problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. H. L. Mencken
